The not so holy book of rules.

Welcome to Erebus, a world of magic and beauty, powerful dragons and dark creatures, where keepers of light are few and tested every day. Your
role in all of this is to bring peace to the land by defeating the corrupted dragons. Monsters of all sorts will stand in your way or other
adventures such as yourself, so be prepared to choose your battles. Wisdom and luck will guide you through all the adventure, so let's begin !

Hint : Most of the challenges in the game will have a reference to some facts, legends, mythical creatures or popular fantasy
movies or game stories. Feel free to expand on each subject as you see fit.

                                                                                                       General Rules 

1. Player versus Player or PvP: can only be initiated by the player who land on the exact same spot where another one already is.
  a. If the landing box is a challenge, then that must be first completed and if at the end of the challenge the player that landed second is
still in the same position, he can then initiate the duel, if he so wish.
  b. Duel : The player who declared the fight must roll first. At the end of the roll he can choose to use one or more items that are marked for
PvP. After the second player rolled, a winner will be declared by the amount of points gathered from the roll and items used.
  c. The winner will roll one more time and send the defeated player back by that amount.

2. Items: Most of the items will have multiple options from PvP, to Dragons or some specific monsters. If the item does not specifically say that it can be used more than one time, you will have to choose from one of those options and then return the item to the deck.

3. Going Back: There are many obstacles in the game that will slow or push you back. 
  a. Losing the battle with some powerful monsters like Wolves, Cerberus, Kraken, Samael, you will have to go back entire regions or even at the start of the game. In doing so,
you will lose all items gathered between the point you lost the fight and the place you arrived at.
  b. Some other times you will just be pushed back a little, like in losing a duel, or going random amount of spaces back after a fight. If this is the case and you pass by a 
challenge already completed, then you will not lose the items. However if you land on a box where you have won the fight, then it will be considered a 
free zone otherwise you will face the challenge as you would normally. Same rules apply to the next rolls until you pass the point of where you returned from.  





